Li Wenwen
It takes a little self-knowledge to be a person
I know you're jealous
But I have the strength
It's a fact.
I advise you.
Accept it sooner
Don't be a clown here
So as not to embarrass the ancestors of our old Lin family
Kneel down and apologize
It's you, Lin Yaozu, who should kneel down and apologize
You practice sports, you should know
At your level
There are at least hundreds across the country
What are you capable of
Will be shortlisted for the Olympic Games
You can fool the rest of the village
You can't fool me.
Can't fool my dad
What do you think?
Snatch 140 kg
Stop lifting 160 kg
Total weight 300kg
Judging by Yaozu's weight
He is indeed ineligible for the Olympic shortlist
Oops you women two
Didn't that living child burn you to death just now?
I think you just can't see us, right?
You said you want the results of the group
Can't make the Olympic shortlist
But someone came and went just now.
Said that the people from our village entered
Everyone checked their grades.
Who else could it be?
aunt
Did you forget that my score hasn't been checked yet?
Higher score than him
Matters that can be shortlisted for the Olympic Games
Everyone saw that video just now
Just you.
Standing in front of that barbell can't even lift it
What qualifications do you have to enter the water list?
Hahaha
Check whether it is or not, and you will know.